this is a Viking 37 bill Fisher and it's
a really unique boat you see it's a
convertible
sure but it's also sort of an express
come on and check this out
there's no bulkhead between the cockpit
and the salon you see expresses have one
very real advantage over convertibles
when the captain's up you're running the
boat and all of a sudden cockpit mayhem
breaks loose three lines go down at once
he can set all the pilot and start back
here and get in on the fun
meanwhile up on top the bridge you get
all the usual advantages of a
convertible you have tremendous
visibility you can maneuver the boat
however you want back and want to fish
run it whatever so in this case you get
the best of both worlds
you have the bridge and you have the
lower helm close to the action now this
is a Viking so you do expect to see this
gorgeous woodwork inside which you don't
expect however it's privacy in a 37 foot
boat you've got a cabin with actual
doors on it here that's very unusual
you've also got a little mini galley
over here you have pull-out refrigerator
freezers and microwave and of course
there's a full stand-up head plenty of
folks they're going to want to fully
enclose salon they're going to want the
luxury they're going to want the set
cheese and all that great stuff so if
you're a fisherman and you run your own
boat you want to have the visibility of
the convertible but at the same time you
want to have the access to the cockpit
of an express well heck then it's time
to check out a 37 bill Fisher
od insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds United
marine underwriters